Sophia Umanski: Like, that is…

James Guldan: I forgot to record.

Yanik Silver: We missed that 30 minutes ago.

Sophia Umanski: So, well, I mean, I can do… I've said this, like, 12 times. This is literally just my natural way of talking about it, so that's why I think I get stuck where we're still trying to figure out the offer, because I'm like, guys, I've been telling about people, like, at events, and everyone's, like, in, I just need something to send them, and sign them up, and, like, let's go. And I think for you too, Yannick, it's, like, maybe just, like, something… I don't know what the roadblock is, but, like, not one person has asked me the dates. Because I say the value is that we do different events during the year, and they're like, oh… one person just asked me, like, oh, well, how do you structure the events? Is it, like, 3 times a year? And I said, to be honest with you, we've been doing this for 15 years almost together. We've gone through every iteration. We're at the point now where we're going year by year, and it's what we feel and flow with. We have 3 to 5 different events or experiences a year, they range between, you know, something locally or up to, like, Necker Island, and everything in between. And it's just, like, whatever we feel is important, the community is wanting and needing is how we've been creating. And, like, we are working to, like, create a little bit more… structure around it, but you'll know a year in advance, like, what the things are for the next year. And then also, we have Multiplippers and magicians and whoever else that are also hosting their own stuff that you get access to.

James Guldan: Could you do me a huge favor? Any sales call that you're on, could you record it? What I do is I grab the transcripts, or do you do… is it live?

Sophia Umanski: I don't do any sales calls, this has all just been, like, when I went to, like, Alex's event.

James Guldan: Yeah, okay, okay, okay.

Sophia Umanski: four rooms, like, I don't do sales calls, but I maybe should start, because.

James Guldan: Well, I would, because I think there's a lot of power in that, because here's the thing I also want, is any… when that offer gets put in, I want to understand the objections and the overcoming them. From that. And I want to get a couple different perspectives of how you say it. Because I think that would be powerful to get… aligned, and the reception of who you're doing it with. Like, what we used to do is. We used to grab 200… you're not gonna have 200, but a couple sales calls, and then we basically aggregate all the data from those sales calls and goes, okay, what was the conversation that actually turned it? What was the identity metrics? What was the objection handling? What were these pieces, and how do we put it into the sales process? Because to Yannick's point, it isn't going to be the start, but it will be the finisher. of these pieces.

Sophia Umanski: The only, I would say of the people I've talked about it, the only time I felt like I, like, not really interested or in was just now at forums, and, like, there were two people who I, like, I like them, and they're pleasant enough, but I just didn't think that maybe they were going to be a cultural fit anyway, from a standpoint of, like, they're really big drinkers, and kind of still in that, like. you know, whatever, and I was like, they might not, like, totally fit in and get that itch scratched, but they might still kind of loosely be okay, I don't know. So when I was… sharing with them, like, I just… I don't feel like they really resonated with, like, oh, I need an… they're already in forums, I don't think they need another community that isn't gonna support that part of what they're into, you know what I mean? So, that was it, and I'm okay with that, like, to be honest, you know, so… but besides that, anyone that I've… naturally, of course, anyone I've been having the conversation with is someone that I already feel is aligned, so I'm not getting a lot of resistance, whereas, like, a random… like, a cold call or cold outreach would be different, potentially, but I'm super happy to, like, start having some sales calls, or reporting some sales calls. I've… I mean, again, it's like, for me, I feel it inside of me. I'm like, this is, like. like, go, let's go, like, I feel really… good about where we're at and what we're wanting to do, and why we're wanting to bring people together. And I think that if we just, like, move on from that and can focus on actually, like, creating the the events, and the structure of the matchmaking, and, like, blah blah blah, and just start getting things moving, and, like, how is the market… you know, not the marketplace, but… how are the multipliers and magicians gonna get enrolled, and just, like, start actually building the thing, and making it happen, versus, like, we're still stuck on this offer. It's driving me a little crazy.

James Guldan: Because I think the… to me, the other stuff is, like, really easy.

Sophia Umanski: And I'm, like, the opposite. I'm like.

James Guldan: Yeah, no, no, for sure. 100%, yeah, yeah.

Sophia Umanski: You know what I mean? So I'm like, the offer feels like… I understand that there's still room and opportunity to create other ways for people to participate that might be a bigger investment financially.

James Guldan: Yeah.

Sophia Umanski: But I would like to just get this one off… off the ground, and get the thing… the things in place to make this happen.

James Guldan: Fair enough.

Sophia Umanski: and get some momentum, and get some members in, and then we can think about, like, okay, what is the higher ticket offer? Like, I feel like we're getting held up by… And… and honestly, if there's gonna be a higher ticket offer, it needs to be something that, like, Yannick is, like. 1,000% in on. And that's gonna take, I think, a little bit of time.

Yanik Silver: That I don't think we need to, like, wait for. I wanna offer something at Necker, so it's gonna be within the next 5 weeks that we'll figure it out.

James Guldan: I also really, really, really want to offer something at Necker.

Yanik Silver: That's great, but in the meantime, can we get this done? So this is kind of done, I mean, like, we… like, you could… someone can fill out the form right now to become a member, so anyone that you've had conversations with, like, they can… they can become members. There's nothing stopping them from…

Sophia Umanski: I actually thought about it for a moment, because I was like, I've never had a business card. I was like, maybe I should just… this is, like, the thing is, like, hey, we don't even have a website. Like… We don't have a website! This is what it is, it's fucking $5,000, like, you want in? Let's go, here's the order form. Like, I literally thought about that the other day, and I was like, that would be, like, the most Maverick way I've been like. The website has 3 words, like, we don't have a website right now, it's fine.

Yanik Silver: I mean… That's not the worst idea.

James Guldan: I actually don't fucking hate that in any way, shape, or form. Like, I… yeah, we have a printed-out order form. Here's the… but it's like, I don't think that's a terrible idea. I think if the offer stands on its own, if you can sell an offer without… Other things, that's a good offer.

Sophia Umanski: I mean, I just feel like if it's, like, 15, like, I don't know, I want to be like, hey, put me in coach, like, let me talk to, like. You know, 5, 10 people, whatever, and just see what happens, like, without a website. And just explaining, I mean, it's… we're talking about people who are 7-9 figure entrepreneurs, Making a $5,500… I didn't do that. I don't know why this thing always just…

James Guldan: Yeah, you did. Yeah, we all know you meant it. Yeah, yeah. Wait, okay, so.

Sophia Umanski: Like, this isn't a big decision for them.

James Guldan: No, no, right, but what's the, What's the resistance to you just doing that? Like, getting on a couple calls?

Sophia Umanski: I just haven't been in that, like, I don't know, I guess, role, or, involved in that at all, and we felt like we needed to pay… I don't know, it just… that hasn't been my thing, that's just been, like, you know, Chris and Yannick talked to… I talk to people at events, again, like I said, what I mean.

James Guldan: No, no, for sure.

Sophia Umanski: But…

James Guldan: Yeah, cause my thought is, like. the more salespeople we have for this, the better, because I'd like to get your sales perspective, I'd love to get Yannick's sales perspective, and then getting… you know what I mean? We can match all those different things. We literally grab the call recordings and just go, okay, what happened? Like… who, like, what was the demographic for this person? What was the second demographic for this person? What did they ask? How did we respond? What was the thing that actually got them over the edge? What objections did this person have? And we can, like, really dive deep into that if we have the recordings for it, which have been really insightful, and continue to optimize the rest of the content. But the reality is, let's just sell fucking something.

Sophia Umanski: Yeah.

Yanik Silver: People that are sitting on the sidelines, kind of waiting for…

Sophia Umanski: Yeah, instruction. Yeah, and also, it's like, I think also positioning the onboarding process, the activation process, like, that in itself, they could get $5,000 worth with one introduction. You know, it's like, I mean, and that's… I told Amber this the other day when we were walking, I was like, on day two, I'm like. if someone tells you that they… like, there's no way I can calculate that if someone sat in on day one, listened to all this content about AI and how to implement in your business and da-da-da-da, whatever, and they actually implement something that they've learned here, there's no way they're not getting their value of being a part of this group, like, in one event, let alone three. you know, it's just… it's, like, silly, and so that's how I feel about what we're doing. It's like, you can literally, within One conversation and one virtual introduction, make your money back.

Yanik Silver: Do you think right now those… that onboarding is really optimized for that?

Sophia Umanski: No, not right this second, but, like, if we.

James Guldan: See, that would take me one day to build, right? Like, it's not difficult to build out a database where you're grabbing in… all it is is a questionnaire. And, like, we just dial in the questionnaire. That questionnaire goes to a database, we run that database through. Whenever we need to match somebody up, we go, hey, let's figure out what the.

Yanik Silver: 27 different…

James Guldan: data points that we have, who do we think is a good match, and match them up.

Yanik Silver: Yeah.

James Guldan: Not that difficult.

Yanik Silver: Well, yeah, I'm not saying that we need to wait 3 months or whatever, I'm saying…

James Guldan: Yeah, yeah, I'm saying.

Yanik Silver: Let's optimize for them getting a return immediately, as much as we can. Let's optimize for a big wow immediately. and… and then… Like, it… it's not that… it's not that hard.

Sophia Umanski: Yeah. So, my… I guess my… my inquiry would be, if we can agree that, like, we have our offer, and then we can just go to, like, what are the next things that we need right now, is, like, we need to figure out, like, what we're gonna… how we're… what special thing, or what we're gonna offer the people who didn't win this contest. What we're gonna offer the finalists that also didn't win. And then… just, like, have whatever they're gonna see first is, like, here's your application, or here's your whatever, that it, like, looks like it's part of 2026. And not… You know, so just, like, the first little steps, and then we can look at, obviously, like, their 100-day process, and, like. And then we need to go into, okay, this matchmaking process, like, what literally… I mean, Yannick, like, I revamped the copy. I mean, I know it's, like, we're 90% into sales for Necker, but I just got the email that people get when they sign up for Necker, and I'm like, oh my god, like, I, like, sort of got a little nauseous. So I've emailed Shay, I'm like, hey, can we please change this to, like, this? Like, first of all, the logo needs to be, like, half a size. Secondly, the copy should be like, congratulations on, like, blah blah blah blah blah, like, it was so So… bad. It took me 4 seconds. I put in chat GBT, hey, people signed up for Necker, what should we… and then I just took it, tweaked it, edited it, it was, like, great. So, like, everything that we're sending out to people, like, I feel needs to be, like, elevated into, like, brought into 2026. So it's just… and I know that that's a lot of, like, me needing to do that stuff, so… I'm wanting to do that, and I'm willing to do it, so I just want to, like, we just need to get the website… if we're gonna have a website, maybe we just decide we're not gonna have one. Or whatever the one-pager is, just so we can have something to send people, and I just want the first itty-bitty steps to be… Like, pretty and on brand. So the application, and then whatever that onboarding process is, we definitely need to, like, revamp and hype up so that, to your point, we feel good about it, and that people have received their value. And the matchmaking. you know, whatever, like, if it's just, like, Chris and Shay, like, making some triad WhatsApp group, and then putting something in there, like, I just think there's probably a more… elegant way of doing it, and yes, using AI .

James Guldan: Well, here's… here's what I would do for that, to triage it, where I'd basically have… the onboarding would be questions, you put it into… I mean, we could put it into… online Excel document, right, that basically just stores it somewhere, and now you run it through and go, hey, here are the 26 different points that they have, find commonalities in why you think, like, what are their big wins, what do they want? And who can give that to them, and who's gonna create collaboration between the two, and let's send an email to both of them with a description of why we think there's gonna be collaboration there, so context, and then content, and then who the people are, and now, boom, it's… you're in and out. It takes 2 seconds to send, right? And how many are you gonna onboard? Probably 15 a week? Like, max, so it's like, you're… it's not… Yeah, it would take…

Yanik Silver: 15 a week, that would be great.

James Guldan: You know what I mean? Like, what's the maximum amount? Like, it's not that, like…

Yanik Silver: I don't think that's gonna…

James Guldan: capacity. I think that at scale, you can build a database, you know, you can do all these other crazy things, but the reality is we just need to put it into an Excel spreadsheet. None of this data is PCI compliant, you need to be…

Sophia Umanski: Right, so I was saying that, like, if AI was recording Chris's onboarding calls, and then the notes were coming out of that, and then AI was somehow, like, categorizing and taking that information, and then knowing, like, who's… Who does what, like, combining it, creating, like, profiles for each of our members. you know, if there, like, there's a Maverick AI or whatever, and it knows, okay, Joe's really good at this. Susan's really good at this, da-da-da-da, whatever, where they live, like, just some basic information, and that way, when we need to matchmake in some way, or someone needs a resource for something, we can just ask the AI. That's what I would really love to see happen. And I know that, like, you know, for forums, they just use AI for the first time to do the… expert roundtables, to do the breakup, so people, like, fill out all of these, like, million questions, and then who their top requests are for the experts, and then based on what the experts teach and what their… all their questions say, the AI basically broke them up into their rotations.

James Guldan: Yeah, I mean, all that is… very, very doable right now. Like, I think that's… I think it'll be a requirement to have a repository of keeping notes on everybody that's in there, current and past. People, and then just keeping them somewhere, keeping those documents somewhere.

Sophia Umanski: Is it a pro… I didn't think of this before, now this is a minor thing, but do you think that's, like, a privacy… issue for the people, if we put… that might be a privacy thing.

James Guldan: I'd be really clear on that we're recording calls.

Sophia Umanski: Or… but I mean, like, just, like, oh, by the way, we're gonna put into, like, our AI, like, all this… Personal data about you?

James Guldan: I would make that an agreement on the… when they sign up, is that… this is part of it, right? Like…

Sophia Umanski: Yeah, like, they can allow them to opt out, basically.

James Guldan: Yeah. Yeah, but I think we're gonna want that for so much more than just connection and onboarding, is like, you know… I think it's a really cool thing when you have an access to everybody, be like, okay, hey, I need an expert for this. Cool. Alright. Who do we know that's an expert at this that potentially didn't describe themselves as that, but they are?

Sophia Umanski: Oh yeah, okay, so then it just needs to go in the…

Yanik Silver: I just wanna… I know we're supposed to be done here at 5. You have more time, James or Sophia?

James Guldan: I don't have a public net on anything. I said, I don't have a time limit on anything, this is my last call for the day, but I, want to make sure we're clear on what we want to get done. So, Yannick, if you can send me over the… the stuff for the rest of the offer, I'll finish up what I'm doing, I'll send it over to you, and then you can finish it up from there. Is that cool?

Yanik Silver: Yeah, the, the graphic that you use, is that just in Cloud, that Cloud will output something like that, or what… what are you doing?

James Guldan: The one for the Batman one?

Yanik Silver: No, no. Batman.

James Guldan: I want to do the Bat Signal with Maverick. That's the first thing I'm gonna do after I'm done with this, is I'm gonna figure out how to make that.

Yanik Silver: Great, okay.

James Guldan: really funny idea. I honestly love the idea of that. I think that's, like, such a cool, like, the, the… the subtext is you're a superhero being called in. Like, that's such a good… premise for NLP. So sorry, I was just tracking on that. What are you talking about?

Yanik Silver: the way that you showed the output that you had, is that just from Claude? Like…

James Guldan: Oh, yes.

Yanik Silver: Okay. what… what was it? It was just… it was just building a page?

James Guldan: No, I had it, I built your brand, and then I put it into the… I'll get you the brand documents if you want them. I built a brand, and then I loaded into the PDF, and then I put it in there. But again, it's missing, I would love at some point to get a folder I have access to with testimonials and overall images, because I think I'd love to categorize them based on emotions, or based on identities, and that way we have a categorize piece that's systemized in AI, When we need something for nextsters that inspire, you know, or…

Yanik Silver: Yeah, I think our… I mean, we've definitely captured a lot of testimonies, but I think we have a lot that are in random places that I don't think we fully know where they are, and then there's lots that are, like, from certain recordings, like from Necker, when we do these insights at the end that are really powerful, that we have audios of, that… I don't know if they've ever been fully… use, transcribed, or anything like that, because those are… those are really great. They're not testimonials, but they're… they're powerful.

James Guldan: Yeah. Well, I think if we can get… The close, like, if we can close a few people from… this, that would be a good start. And then.

Yanik Silver: I think…

James Guldan: what do we need for calls? Like, it'll basically be the same thing, but without a BVI. Well, I guess if we're doing calls right now, we can do a BVI inter-offer, too, if they join BVI as well.

Yanik Silver: Yeah, yeah, that should happen.

James Guldan: Yeah, yeah, for sure, until PDI isn't there. But yeah, I… I, let's get those things done, but again, in the back of my mind, I don't know why I'm very worried about this, but I want to make sure we put time and attention into a high-ticket offer.

Yanik Silver: I wanna, I wanna have something for Necker. You bet.

James Guldan: yeah.

Yanik Silver: And actually, the thing that I kind of, like, thought about was something like Your Great Wave Awaits, which was our theme last year, and… Especially for those that are in transition or reinvention, like, having that as the… It's a thing that we can support them on.

James Guldan: And getting some, like, world-class people in there, or, like, what is your structure for it? Like, what is it to offer?

Yanik Silver: Supporting them fully on whatever they're… whatever next is, so maybe they've sold their company, maybe they're in a transition in some way, and then part of it is me working with them on vision, Sylvia, working with them on whatever she wants to do, having key resources available as Maverick Multipliers and Magicians available for them in some way, based on what we identify that they need. Possibly even a solo retreat. We've talked about this before, like, organizing a way for them to… To have a solo, unique experience that… with prompts and different things, and potentially something where we go off to… Taos together, if it's, like, a group of 6 or 8 or 10. Somewhere like that, like a magical ceremonial place to actually gather together. And then, Yeah, any introductions or key connections that I would provide them as well.

James Guldan: What do you think the price point would be?

Yanik Silver: Depending if it includes another event or not, 40 to 50?

James Guldan: Profit margin on that, what do you think?

Yanik Silver: I mean, if we have an event in there… And… I mean, it could be… it could be quite high, I mean, depending on how much time is allocated for, let's say, consulting calls that I do, or…

James Guldan: I mean, it'd be over 60%, right?

Yanik Silver: Yeah, I think well over. I mean, you know, not including my time.

James Guldan: Yep.

Sophia Umanski: I mean, do you feel like it would make sense to, like, loop in some other, like, name, some other kind of, like, advisor, or someone or something that would be a part of this, or do you want to be, like, the coach on…

Yanik Silver: Well, I think that was what I was saying about that we bring them into other people based on what they're… what they're needing.

Sophia Umanski: And the working with the other people, like, would be included, and… Like, what they've paid in some way, like, how…

Yanik Silver: it depends how we structure it. So there could be… X amount of credits available for… It could be… Yeah, I don't… I don't know exactly how… But it's kind of like… Helping them… Redefine what they really, really want next. And then giving them that full 360 support.

James Guldan: But I mean, that's, like, your brand is known for connection. So I think that's, like, an easy sell on that end. And basically, like, the premise would be we… I can get you access to people you couldn't on your own, and I will be your concierge in certain ways to help you get to where you want to be, and we're gonna have Like a darkness retreat or something cool in between.

Yanik Silver: There was some sort of, you know what I mean, some sort of…

James Guldan: Yeah, some sort of experience. Yeah, yeah.

Yanik Silver: I mean, Darkness Retreat would be a really interesting one that… So… Could be their solo retreat.

Sophia Umanski: Yeah, they could opt in, maybe they could opt in to be either Darkness or just, like, a solo retreat.

Yanik Silver: Yeah. And I just got connected to the guy from Sky Caves who said he would put any of our people kind of ahead in line.

James Guldan: Boom, access.

Yanik Silver: They have, like, a 2-hour, 2-year waitlist or something like that.

James Guldan: But that's what I mean, like, getting people access, and… I mean, it's… that's where the leverage is built, and that's what you're known for. So, I think that'll be the easiest sale. As long as they have, like, the capital for it, it just needs to be an easy yes, which is, like, how do we get something faster than you can do it yourself? Potentially something you couldn't even solve on your own. Because I think that might be worth more than $48. They're like where your head's at, right? It's not free, like you keep mentioning, which is great.

Yanik Silver: It's not what?

James Guldan: You guys always keep mentioning, how do we make this better than free, and it… But it's like, yeah, getting high ticket there, getting something that we can test. It doesn't need to be scalable right away, it just needs to be… let's just say if we could get… I mean, what do you think? What would be a good number to set as, like.

Yanik Silver: I don't know, I mean, the first thought in my head was 3 people. Like, if it's not a group event, then it doesn't matter if we get 2 or 8.

James Guldan: Yeah.

Yanik Silver: But… but then that's more… it's definitely, like, some one-on-one help on figuring out Who they are, what they're doing next.

James Guldan: what they want, and how to get it for. Yeah, yeah. Tons of exploratory shit.

Yanik Silver: What that vision looks like for what's next for them.

James Guldan: Yeah. So they're in that, they're in that what's next phase. Well, part of that can be the sales process, too, is like, here's what I'm offering, it's a custom thing, come talk to me, and be like, hey, this is what we have. Let's see if it's a good fit.

Yanik Silver: Yeah.

James Guldan: But I think that'd be, like, a good test just to flex that muscle of high ticket. I think is, like, a really good idea, especially at Necker.

Sophia Umanski: Well, I mean, Janik, you sort of, like, offered that MAP program. Last year, right? So it was, like, kind of a… That was a higher ticket thing.

Yanik Silver: It's not… not really higher ticket, I mean, it's… so when I do one-on-one consulting right now, I call it this map, so M is for multidimensional vision, A is for activate and accelerate, and P is for purposeful partners. And so it's $15,000 in person for a day, and then the follow-ups. For the rest of it, with a couple sessions, and… or it's virtual for $10,000.

James Guldan: How many'd you sell?

Yanik Silver: There was one person at a necker that came in for that.

James Guldan: Okay, so the cool thing is we can flex the scarcity of any offer that we make, because, like, we only have this many spots on it. It's more custom than not, that's why we have custom spots. yeah.

Yanik Silver: But I mean, to me, this is almost like map in a way, but blown up in a bigger, multi-mixture.

James Guldan: with support.

Yanik Silver: Yeah.

Sophia Umanski: Well, also, I mean, yeah, sorry.

Yanik Silver: Go ahead.

Sophia Umanski: Well, I think also speaking to, like, hey, typically.

James Guldan: Did you just do your hair?

Sophia Umanski: Like, right now?

James Guldan: Yeah.

Yanik Silver: something.

James Guldan: You look different.

Sophia Umanski: I moved… To the table?

James Guldan: I thought that too, but… Yeah, you came back, I… Yeah, okay.

Yanik Silver: like, darker.

James Guldan: Yep.

Sophia Umanski: I just… the lighting changed, because I moved to the table instead of the couch.

James Guldan: Let me distract, yep.

Sophia Umanski: No, no, no. I didn't change my hair, but I just was really pissed because my dog fucking peed all over the floor. You can't.

Yanik Silver: Oof.

Sophia Umanski: Again. you. Is, like, to speak to, you know, in… and I think there's maybe a different conversation that needs to take place that… not right now, because I feel like we're not really getting anywhere with, like, the contest people and all this stuff that's happening next week, but, is to speak to the fact that, like, hey, one day of consulting with Yannick is 15 grand, like… So, when you join this, and you get this, that makes this a great deal. Like, even just, you know, even just Maverick, but…

James Guldan: But is consulting with Yannick, is it as valuable to the people on Knacker? Like, the value of somebody who's, like.

Sophia Umanski: No, it's not… right, right, and that's why I don't think… I'm not sure that the map thing even is, like, such a hit for the people on Necker, per se, but I think for the people on Necker, if there was some… like, if you're trying to think about, okay, what do these people want and need? It feels to me like it might be more… About who are the people that we can pull in to kind of love bubble them. And help… support them in whatever it is that they're needing, whether that be, like, personally, like, you know, with their… health, wellness. business, like, whatever it is, you know, advisory, you know, but it's, like, whatever they're needing, it could be multifaceted or different thing, and it's just, like, they need a love bubble. to help them with wherever they're at, getting to where they're… you know. So, anyhow, I just… I guess that's why I was asking, like, how… thinking… figuring out who else would be involved as this little… love bubble or support system for them, I think… would be something to think about or think through. You know, or is there, like, an aspect of, like, a health program that's included? Or, like, just… and it's hard to say, oh, based on what you're needing, just come talk to us and it'll be custom. It's… I don't think it's, like, a super effective, like, sales. thing. Oh, it could be 50,000, but it could be 100, depending on what you need, you know, how many advisors you need, or whatever in there.

James Guldan: I mean, it could be standardized, like, hey, we hired Gary Brecca to come in, and everybody's doing this type of thing for this amount. and that way, one, you guys would get access to him, too, you know what I mean? Like… it could be fun to kind of double up of, like, now you have a Maverick Multiplier, or a Luminary, where it's like, alright, let's figure out a way to get ahold of them. It's worth it, because you're getting paid to do it. And so it's, like, kind of combining a bunch of things at once, plus could be helpful with your health stuff. But, You know, selfishly speaking for you. But it's, like, trying to figure out, okay, what is it, and how do we get.

Yanik Silver: the discount.

James Guldan: For having a small group of people who are looking for customized things that they couldn't get elsewhere.

Sophia Umanski: Right. So, like, like, the thing with… I don't… I haven't done it, obviously, we haven't done it, you and I, Annik, but, like, the idea of, conceptually, like, this kind of thing with Amy, right? Like, it's, like, a really unique… dang this, like, 4-, 3- or 4-day intensive about, like, your brain and, like, you know, figuring out, like, she can pinpoint where there was any kind of trauma, or any kind of split, and then, like, rewire, and help optimize and heal of trauma, and all these things in, like, a 3 or 4 day period. Like, that's really unique and interesting, and not mainstream. Like, something that is, like, and will help optimize them or heal them. From something, and then… you know, like, a half a day with John Ratliff. Like, John Ratliff is someone who's, like, positioned there as, like, this, you know, he's this expert, whatever, and he hosts his own thing, and he's been there forever, and he offers a lot of fucking wisdom to people, very strategic in a way that, like, we aren't, right? So it's like, we already have a very light… like, how do we collaborate with… oh, we can send you to, like, a forum? Like, how do we utilize our relationships And these… this whole concept of this… Ecoverse with these multipliers and magicians, and make it like, hey, anything you need, like, we've got you.

James Guldan: That would be interesting, too, is get them access to other groups, you know, in, like. Hey, we got access to this. Here's our premium program where we've… got this, because I, like. for EO, when I was in EO, one of the big things is they got one of the high tickets was they got Dr. Gabrmonte to kind of talk to the group. He was $5,000 an hour, but, like, with 4 of us there, it was, like, pretty not expensive to do that. And then it also got us access to, like, other things, and But yeah, I think getting access and other pieces… just… the 1 plus 1 equals a million here, because it's like, now we get to tie things in, we get a high-ticket offer to sell, we get multipliers that are integrated, we get… potentially, we're able to sell other master… you know what I mean? Like, other things there, so there's collaboration energy with that.

Sophia Umanski: Yeah, so, like, I've been, toying with… we were kind of going back and forth before about the theme being crystal clear versus crystal codes. And the thing I liked about the codes was that it's, like, you can unlock codes to, like, different aspects of, like, your life, your business, someone else can have a code for you, and also, like, from a frequency standpoint, right, you can, like, unlock codes, and I was like. asking chat this morning, like, okay, is there a way to bring the two things together? Because, like, Yannick really loved Crystal Clear. I can see how Crystal Clear feels, like, anchored in and important, and even chat was like, okay, clarity is really important right now, there's so much, like, noise, and da-da-da, whatever, how do you be crystal clear on, like, your truth, what you want, your vision, like, all the things? And it reminded me of what this… what Dr. Amy was saying in our last thing, is like, they… you need to be in a state of clarity, like, you have to pick up a clear vessel in order to have access to codes. And that makes sense not just from codes from, like, source, but also codes from each other. Like, if I'm not clear and, like, clean in my vessel, and you're telling me the most amazing thing, James, about how to, like. scale something in our business, or grow something, whatever, I'm not even gonna receive what you're saying, and I'm gonna miss the code, or, you know, so there's, like… I don't know, so I think there's something interesting about… This idea of how can we really incorporate this holistic approach where they're… we want to be helping them care for their bodies and their well-beings, and also… tap into frequency, and, like, energy, and frequency medicine, and whatever else. Like, I don't know, there's a whole lot of cool stuff there. And then also, like, have the codes for their unlocking shit in their business, or their lives, or whatever, their relationships, or whatever else. Does that, like, makes sense. Yeah. So…

James Guldan: If you've high ticket enough, you can spread out the cost for specific things and position it well. It makes it really easy to do, like, a group buy for something. And again, the preface of that is now you get to invite them into the ecosystem because you're… Purchasing their time because they're… not because they're… they want you, but because you want them.

Sophia Umanski: Yeah.

James Guldan: B.

Sophia Umanski: So I think maybe if we could… Dial in, like. 5, let's say, different offerings from different multipliers and magicians, and then… and know how much each of those cost, and then just say, hey, you get to, like, create your own experience based on what you're needing. You can pick 2 or 3 of these that are included in this program. So if someone's, like, more wanting to, like, focus on, like, their health and whatever, and they want to work with this person, they can, like, choose that, and then here's this person who can unlock your codes and, like, strategy in your business. Here's someone who can unlock, like, you know, AI-ify your business, or whatever the heck our offerings are. If there's, like, a menu that they get to choose from of our multipliers and magicians, and, like, 3 of those offerings are included, and then that's, like, their year-long program, because they can't focus on 10 things or anyway. So, one of those things can be a solo retreat, one of those things can be… so, it's like they're making their own… They're kind of creating their own program based on what they need, and we're just kind of curating it.

James Guldan: I like that, because it doesn't involve Yannick's time.

Sophia Umanski: Right.

James Guldan: Like, that's my… that's my best pitch for that.

Yanik Silver: Well, one of the things I do really love is that beginning of, like, taking apart what they want to do, figuring out, like, a new way of looking at it, where the leverage is, where the unique ways that they're… like, for me, that's fun. Like, I do really enjoy that.

Sophia Umanski: Bionic, you can be one of those things that they choose. You know, like…

James Guldan: That might be a voluntold thing, because it's like… because here's the whole premise that you're getting, is anybody can go to Necker, you can buy a Necker. You can't get… Richard on Necker, right? Like, that's a much more difficult thing, so your whole premise of what you're doing is that you guys have access that they can't, and that you can put it together. So I think there's, like, a very powerful premise of that. Yannick doing a… And obviously. You can position it however you want, but understanding, like, having an empathy interview with them, of just figuring out who they are, what they want, like, what their next direction is can be beautiful, and then helping them get that.

Yanik Silver: Well, yeah, I mean, it's like co-visioning with them.

James Guldan: Yes. That's interesting to me, but not…

Yanik Silver: I don't think it's like, oh, you can select Yannick And let him do…

James Guldan: Well, no, no, but I think the co-visioning, again, I think that would be a premise of just getting more data from them to make sure they're a good, aligned fit for what they need, and like, hey, here's… let's just discuss from a… you know, friend perspective, what do you look like? Co-creating an idea. What are we doing?

Sophia Umanski: Well, I mean, I just think that there's an opportunity maybe for both, where, like, everyone gets this initial kind of, like, discovery, right? But if they want to go deeper with you, Yannick, and spend, like, a day with you.

Yanik Silver: Right. Yeah.

Sophia Umanski: Upsell, baby.

James Guldan: Yep.

Yanik Silver: You know what I mean? That could be one of the options, yeah.

Sophia Umanski: you're one of the.

James Guldan: Yeah.

Sophia Umanski: you're on the menu to go deeper with you. Of course, you're involved with everybody in that initial conversation to understand and to help blah blah blah, then… because we're going to be helping to navigate their overall journey, but then if they want to go deeper with you, then you're one of the menu options. If they want to go deeper with, like, a health coach for 5 months or 6 months, then that's on their menu option.

James Guldan: Well, the coolest thing about getting people to choose is you actually get to see what they want, right? So there's, like, a lot of value in going, okay, what do you value? Because you're giving up something. There is opportunity cost to choosing one thing versus another.

Sophia Umanski: Right. So essentially, it's more like signing up for this higher ticket offer is basically just like the buy 5 Rolexes deal. you know, it's like the same… it's like the same thing, essentially, right? It's like, hey, we're gonna help you pick your Rolexes, and you get 5. You know, so you get a deal on them instead of, like, individually working with these magicians and multipliers, because those people are available to the community anyway if we're doing this. Maybe not by March, we're gonna… maybe not gonna have it all laid out, but that's where we're going, right? So it's like, the higher ticket offer is, like, the bundle. It's like, I'm buying 5 Rolexes, and I want it to be curated in a way that we have a conversation first about which Rolexes I should buy, and where I'm at, and what I'm really needing, and then based on your expertise, which ones you'd recommend for me. Oh, and then we'll check in with you again, you know. In 3 months, and, like, see how… you're doing, and do you want to, like, you know, get more Rolexes, or trade yours in? Like… just… I think that, because it's just… then it's… instead of us creating something completely new, and adding another event, and adding whatever, it's like, we can just work off of… and the solo retreat, I think, is a good idea to have as one of the ingredients, and it doesn't require either one of us going and hosting another event.

James Guldan: Yeah, it's just paying for…

Sophia Umanski: And it's just something unique that we pay to curate, obviously, and we have to, like, you know, get some systems in place with the right, like, venues and or people, or whatever we're gonna… however we're gonna do that.

Yanik Silver: Yeah, I mean, the darkness one's already set up, that's…

Sophia Umanski: Yeah, which is great, but I assume there's gonna… there's still some weight, it's maybe not 2 years, but… I presume they still have to wait.

Yanik Silver: Well, there's… yeah, I mean, it's based on their calendar and availability, but yeah, they can… they get to the front of the line in some way. Okay.

Sophia Umanski: So I think that…

James Guldan: That… that is a powerful… well, one, it gets… it helps us get…

Sophia Umanski: Other things in there.

James Guldan: I think it's a good offer, I think it's aligned, especially for Necker, on that path, plus I think that's a scalable offer outside of Necker, too. I think.

Yanik Silver: It's like the Crystal Clarity Codes, and they get to choose their… Three of their codes, or whatever.

James Guldan: Yeah.

Yanik Silver: Wherever you want to position it.

Sophia Umanski: Could we go back to what we're going to offer the nominee, the nominees?

James Guldan: For sure.

Sophia Umanski: Okay, great. So, the people who were not chosen to be finalists, we're just gonna offer them standard, you know, Maverick membership. Are we offering them any kind of, like, we're waiving the activation, or are we doing anything for them. Like, do they have any offer just for being nominated… filling out their applications? Not just being nominated, but applicants?

Yanik Silver: Yeah, we had decided it was me. I mean, that…

Sophia Umanski: We said $1,500 or something.

Yanik Silver: Yeah, or a thousand.

Sophia Umanski: So whatever it was that we decided, great. Thank you for reminding me that we decided that. Hashtag brain. Fog. the people who were finalists, did we actually decide what we're doing for them? We said that we're gonna either waive their activation fee, or give them… 23rd.

Yanik Silver: Wave their activation fee, so it's $2,500 off.

Sophia Umanski: Okay, and so, as of today, when you and I were saying, like, God, some of these people deserve, like. Something else. Is there something else we want to do for them, or just stick to that?

Yanik Silver: Yeah, we could… we could talk about that, or… So there's 8 finalists right now that we selected today, that go to the judges.

Sophia Umanski: My curiosity about that, Yannick, was, like, would it make sense to actually do the opposite, where we give them free membership for a year, and then just have them pay the activation fee? Like, would those 7 people be exciting enough for us to call Mavericks and get them into the community? that… Seeing that, like, looking at, obviously, like, what… if they pay $2,500, and we're not paying any, like. I guess we have to look at who they are, we have to… what we have to give Rudy, or whatever, like, what does it cost us to bring them in? Like, would it make sense for the momentum and just the… having those amazing people in the community? And is it more of, like, a yes for them? Like, hey, we want to go ahead and, you know, you didn't win the ultimate prize, but as a finalist, you don't get to go to the next.

Yanik Silver: I mean, what I was thinking this morning was, like, for them to give them, like, half off the BVI Maverick package.

James Guldan: Hmm…

Yanik Silver: So that they get to come to Necker still, get acknowledgement there, get to experience some of that.

Sophia Umanski: And then what if they can't make the BVI, but they were just supplying.

James Guldan: I have an option for that.

Sophia Umanski: They get my free membership.

James Guldan: I would actually… so, I don't like selling membership, but I would give them, like, if they're aligned, the onboarding connection piece is getting them connected to specific people, or other things that aren't selling… Like, you're selling a one-time thing, not a… Like, that costs you nothing, versus something that's going to cost you quite a bit. Because I do think that… That initial connection piece is more valuable than you guys are making it.

Yanik Silver: The 360, the initial thing that's the introductions and the getting to know them?

James Guldan: well, not just that, but also the connections after, like, once you get to know them, who are the connect… like, who would you instantly connect them with for them to get what they need? Because I think that's, like, if we're talking about their journey, they're inspiring people, they're great, but they need to choose to get in here at full paid membership. if you discount it, it discounts the… I believe it discounts the value, versus going, okay, what do they really need right now to get an experience of Maverick, and that's… Show them what they can get. Show them you can help them by actually helping them.

Yanik Silver: Well, nobody does intro calls with me, so that could be something to give them connections, but…

Sophia Umanski: So, what were you… what were you suggesting, James? I'm sorry, Pablo was having a…

James Guldan: We do… we…

Sophia Umanski: Leaving the…

James Guldan: We do the connection piece with them, like, hey, we'll get you a couple connections that you need, or something like that.

Sophia Umanski: But they don't become members or anything?

James Guldan: I wouldn't do the membership portion of it, because it's, there is value in paying full price for a membership. Like, it's different when you're saying, hey, we waive the activation fee, but there's a big difference between saying you're only paying the activation fee versus the membership side of it. Like, it's cool to waive the activation fee, because in the head, in everybody's head, it's like, oh, that's a… That's for other things. But I would be very careful on price anchoring. Especially with people you think are gonna be really good fits for Maverick, to just give them the membership. I would give them what they actually want, which is like, hey, I'd love to get some support right now with some people that you think would be great connections, and it's something that doesn't cost you a lot, and if they're really great people, then it's a synergistic connection, not a give and take.

Sophia Umanski: But we're Yeah, so I… thank you for the feedback on the membership, so I'm cool with that. So we can go back to waiving the activation fee. I don't know that we need to start connecting them with people unless they actually take the offer to join, right? Like…

James Guldan: I'm good with whatever, I'm just saying, like, what can we provide value that costs us nothing? that… gives them this incredible win for being, like, gives them a taste of Maverick.

Sophia Umanski: Yeah, well, I think it's import… I mean, I feel like it's important to… A, for this… whatever this virtual call is gonna be on Thursday, to be, like, a good… experience, because it's the first impression that people are gonna have of our community, and, like, bringing them together virtually. Like, virtual events are so… very hit or miss. I'm not a huge fan at all of bringing a bunch of random people together that don't know each other and be like, welcome to Maverick! But we're… we're doing it, so we'll see how it goes. But.

Yanik Silver: I'd invite you to have a different opportunity here that is, we can make it something that's… Exceptional, and when you have great people on there, that… And, and…

James Guldan: But I think if you… especially if you prime them for vulnerability, I think that's the biggest thing, is just priming everybody, Where we can say.

Yanik Silver: Yeah, I mean, it's how it's formatted, what the structure is, so, you know, I've done a lot of stuff that I think has worked, some of it hasn't worked, but I think virtual events… have their place, that are… that we can maverickize and make it better, and it's like, if we think, oh, well, they're not so good, so now we're just gonna leave them over here as our little stepchild, and then we barely do anything with them, like, why not make them cool and fun? Like, we can…

Sophia Umanski: I think we can absolutely do that, and that's why we do have them within the community. I think we can enhance them, but to bring, like, potentially 50, like, really awesome leads that we've never interacted with into a virtual space as their first impression of Maverick, and a Maverick experience, that's what I feel a little bit worried about, but I'm…

Yanik Silver: Trust me. We're never gonna bring them anywhere else, we're not gonna… they're not all gonna show up somewhere else, like, I think it's an opportunity to… Like, they've… I think if they're the right kind of people, they're gonna… They were gonna show…

James Guldan: Basic ideal would be one-on-one calls, secondary ideal would be in person, third ideal is virtual, it's what we got, right?

Yanik Silver: We've done one-on-one calls, they've had most.

James Guldan: Oh, they did.

Yanik Silver: Calls, yeah, not with me, but… With Rudy or Chris.

Sophia Umanski: Rudy's talked to probably, like, a third of them, would you say?

Yanik Silver: Probably more.

James Guldan: Okay.

Yanik Silver: So there's already been, like, a one-on-one At least touchpoint.

Sophia Umanski: Are we inviting the people who were nominated but didn't fill out their application, or just the people who filled out their application?

Yanik Silver: I have no idea.

James Guldan: What would be the reason to not… Invite the people who didn't fill out the app, just because they didn't fill out an application?

Yanik Silver: They're not as engaged, and not having gone through the process.

James Guldan: Right, right, right. Yeah, yeah, yeah, got it, because you're… they're on a call with 60 people where the energy matters.

Sophia Umanski: I guess they wouldn't show up for the call, though, if they didn't…

James Guldan: You'd be surprised.

Yanik Silver: might.

James Guldan: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Yanik Silver: in my life.

James Guldan: Hey, why am I here? Yeah, yeah.

Yanik Silver: Good.

James Guldan: Yeah. Got it.

Yanik Silver: So I think the structure and the setup is certainly really important, and, you know, that's something that I will take on and I can do. I think… I don't remember what your question was, Sophia, about this. Was it what to do with them?

James Guldan: I was just worried that we didn't have a solid plan, and Yeah, the subcontext was… in-person was probably better than virtual.

Sophia Umanski: Yeah, just having a clear of, like, what… Like, is it better to, I mean, obviously, like, having an event to invite them to that isn't just Necker, you know. So, first of all, we… so we agreed that the people who were finalists that didn't get selected will get a $2,500 credit, but they don't necessarily… oh, that's how we got here, is because we don't need to… I don't think we need to start making introductions for them until… unless they join, and obviously, like, their opportunity to get to meet some of these other people will be, I guess, on that call. obviously it's not structured and intentional, like, where it's curated for them, but that's what they get when they join membership, and I guess this is just, like, a very clear, like, these are the kinds of people who are… I don't know, who are… also consider themselves to be Mavericks. And then, I feel like it is important to… if we're, like, having this event in Austin, so James, we've been going back and forth on… a little bit on, should we, like, cancel and not have this event in Austin in April? Because, like, we have March, we have Necro in March, and we have this Mexico trip in May. Why are we laughing?

James Guldan: You front-heavied the hell out of this year, for sure, yeah.

Sophia Umanski: Yeah, and I think… and of course, in hindsight, I'm, like, kicking self, because I'm like, why did I… why did we say yes to doing this thing in Mexico in May? It's not priority, like… it's not priority for what we're wanting to do. We have a pool of all these amazing people now that we would… don't have anything to invite them into, because inviting them into this thing in Mexico is not, like, the thing to invite them into as their first, right? So, it would have… it would behoove us, like, business-wise, and where we're trying to go, to not be like, oh, well. we might… we'll be doing something in October, you know, So that is, like, what's very present for me right now.

James Guldan: Got it, so from April to October, there's nothing there, and that's your worry, is that it's either neck or BVI, or nothing.

Sophia Umanski: Yeah.

James Guldan: Yeah.

Sophia Umanski: Or unless they're… You gotta wait till October, which is… yeah. Right, or unless they're called to spend, you know, $9,000 or $9,500 to go to Mexico to do, like, the pyramid and the… Sacred Mountain, you know, kind of thing, which is really cool, and it is a Maverick-like experience, but it's not, like, the leading thing for… you know, this pool of people that we've called in through the contest, and then I just feel like it gets, like, lost. Like, okay, well, great, you know, if they do ask, like, what are the upcoming events? It's like… they already know, obviously, about Necker. If it's not gonna be a thing, then it's like… Yeah.

Yanik Silver: Oh, to be fair, we haven't invited or shared anything about Mexico for them that they don't have any idea, so some of them could be good fits for it.

James Guldan: what Sophia's saying is, like, it's not, like, as easy as going, hey, we're going to Austin.

Yanik Silver: Oh, for sure.

James Guldan: It's like, hey, you guys want to go on a specialized trip to Mexico?

Sophia Umanski: Right.

James Guldan: Yeah, yeah.

Sophia Umanski: Right.

James Guldan: But I mean, if it's all we got, I mean, obviously, if we had a wish machine, we would have something in a centralized city in the United States In between April and October.

Sophia Umanski: Right, so that's why I'm wondering if we should just… and I… Ken, I need to just… I need to, like, look at the numbers for… for Austin, and it's almost like, do we just say yes to doing Austin, even if it's not gonna be like, oh, we walk away making, like, 50 grand from this event or something, but it's like, we have an event that we can get people into, and hypothetically speaking, gives people more of a reason to say yes and join, and then come to that. Versus not, you know?

James Guldan: I do find the irony of you saying it was easy to sell without a date, and now we're on the exact opposite side of this thing.

Sophia Umanski: No, well, not having any events to go to is on a date. being like, oh, well, we don't have anything until October, but, like, now it's March, you know, and what if there was dates in October, they're… they're busy, and then they don't have anything to…

James Guldan: There's nothing you can clot onto, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Yanik Silver: If we're doing something during the week, it doesn't have to be April, it could be… June…

Sophia Umanski: for July. But we definitely said that we're avoiding July. And then…

James Guldan: What happened in July? Is this, like, a Dan rule? Something weird happened?

Sophia Umanski: A Dan… no, I don't know who Dan is, but no.

James Guldan: No, no, no, it's… people make up specialized rule when somebody fucked up, and now it's, like, this huge trauma thing in a company.

Sophia Umanski: Oh, oh, oh, no, no, no, no, it's just, like, July is just, like, summer, everyone's, like, summer vacationing.

James Guldan: Okay, yep, yep.

Sophia Umanski: Europe, it's just like, Europe.

James Guldan: Got it, people are shifty in it, yeah, noncommittal, got it.

Sophia Umanski: Yeah.

James Guldan: I mean…

Yanik Silver: We are offering them BDI, which is almost exactly what their expectations are.

James Guldan: Right? We are…

Yanik Silver: That's on their… that's on their dream list, in some way, they could skip their necker.

James Guldan: Yep. which is… you know, adjacent to what they're looking for. Mexico, again, could be another experience if we're pitching that. Like, it just… it is. It's expensive, but it is… there. And then October, I mean, I think… Ideally, we'd have more, but what are we gonna do? Like, we either ruin the business model, or destroy your health, Sophia, which is not a fun experience on either end.

Sophia Umanski: Well, I mean, I talked to Glenda, you know… the thing is, is, like, it would be Glenda doing both April and May, I mean, and she doesn't have anything between now and then, so she's, like, done with four rooms, and obviously we have four rooms then again at the beginning of June, but it's also in Austin at the same venues we did last time, so it's like… it's like, in some ways, we're positioned in a fair spot, where in Austin, like. I have the chef, and I have potentially the venue ready. It's like, we have some of the things in place where it's not like, oh my god, like…

James Guldan: Got it.

Sophia Umanski: scratch, you know, and we have so many people that live there that it feels like if it wasn't asking them to pay you know, $7,000 or whatever to come, they would 100% want to come to, like, a Maverick thing in Austin and… and participate, so it's just a function of, like, how much do we need to charge to make it worth Doing versus, like, is it worth doing to, like. do get this new format out there, have something to enroll new members into, like, get some new energy and momentum into Maverick, and then in October is, like, then our next event, and then we're just, like, kind of rolling. That may… you know what I mean? Like, so… I… I can't tell, honestly, if, like… I'm voodooing myself or not. Like, if I'm, like, talking myself into something that, like, is… I'm like, is this, like, old shit? Is this, like, some subconscious, like, addiction to, you know, whatever? But letting it go feels… Just, like, a mist… and maybe I'm missing something else, like, maybe there's a happy place, like, maybe there's something that we can do In May, like you said, Yannick, that's… But then it'll be, like, right after Mexico.

Yanik Silver: I said June.

Sophia Umanski: Oh, well, the first week of June is 4 rooms, and it can't be the next week, and then it's…

Yanik Silver: Right, well, it could be me.

Sophia Umanski: And then it's back to Solstice, which is when we originally were planning on having an event, and decided not to.

James Guldan: I think the universe is saying a lot of things right now that are… it's a want, not a need. It'd be great to have a positioning for that time period, but again, if we're selling the community and these other pieces, and a high-ticket offer on Necker, I think we're gonna learn a lot during that process. I think we're gonna have… at least make enough sales that Necker would be my goal, so that we don't have to worry about, money for the rest of the year, so that everything above that could be profit for a period of time. So it's like, does this add more logistics versus us figuring out the virtual side? Like, I know you're…

Sophia Umanski: Yeah, but it doesn't… I mean, I guess also it's, like, it doesn't feel that hard if we stick to the structure of, like, it's, like, one day of half… or whatever part, like, content, and then half, like, mentoring and, you know, helping these other projects. And then day two is masterminding, so it's not like us needing to find speakers and da-da-da, it's just, like, masterminds, it's all just happening there, right? And, like, the food's already taken care of. It's like… so it doesn't feel like this huge… lift, and it might just be worth it to do it. And then day three is, like, if we're staying at that same freaking property and having, like, just doing, like, bodywork and breathwork experience and, you know, and just, like, kind of hanging out, and then going somewhere and having, like, a nice, like, farewell dinner. it's, like, it doesn't feel like a crazy lift, it just needs to be, like, decided upon, and then happen. And it can't all be, I don't want it to feel like it's just, like. waiting on… like, I need to do my parts, and then have everyone else do their parts. Which, you know… getting, like, a page up, which is the thing that's, like, the easiest fucking thing for you. I'm like, I just need a page up, and the form's done, and, like, I got everything else, guys. I'm like…

James Guldan: Snap is my fucking nightmare, you know that? Like, yeah, mine I can do in 5 minutes. But it's like, yeah, I, what are your thoughts? What are your thoughts, Yannick? I have my own thoughts on it.

Yanik Silver: I've been kind of in this spot of, like, okay, are we doing it? If we're doing it, let's do it. If we're not, then that's okay, too. Yeah, originally I really pushed for having a mastermind and a thing in the U.S.

James Guldan: sooner than later, so that we had something that people would want.

Yanik Silver: come into. That was an easy yes.

James Guldan: Yeah, and so, Sophia, why, why was… at the time, why was that not, like, why is it a priority now versus then?

Sophia Umanski: No, it was… I was a yes for it then, too. Okay. We just, like, didn't get to it, because we were, like, got into the contest, and pushing that, and then I got into forums, and then it was, like, now, obviously, like, Necker needs my urgent attention. You know, and then this, like, need… so it's, like, every… the next three, like, Necker this April and May need, like, my attention now. and so if it's gonna happen, we just, like, need to get it rolling and announced. But it needs to be, I think, a financial decision, too, as far as, like, are we… on board with… I think it's hard to invite people I think it's easy to get really amazing people in the room in Austin, because it's Austin. I think it's hard to get those people to pay $5,000 or $7,000.

James Guldan: Yeah, it's… yeah, it's a great networking city, but it's hard, because people get it for free all over the place, so it's hard to pitch it, yeah, totally.

Sophia Umanski: So I think if we're okay with, like. what we did last time was we had, like, a bigger group on day one, where it was, like, the content and brainstorming for Louis and whatever else, and that was, like, $500 or something for local people to come in for, and then a smaller crew stayed through the whole time, like, for the mastermind for themselves on day two, and then whatever. Now. We would need to, like, have probably double what we had on that one, but that was just a function of… I think we just, like, didn't really have our… our energy in the right place that we were even doing Maverick at that time, you know? And we didn't have this, like, potential new blood coming in, which we might have.

James Guldan: How many people can it hold.

Sophia Umanski: Oh, the space can hold… probably… 50?

James Guldan: Oh, shit, okay. 50 people? We're…

Sophia Umanski: Yeah, it's called Awaken Ranch. And, and…

James Guldan: Everybody that can hold 50 people?

Sophia Umanski: Oh, no, no, not to sleep.

James Guldan: Okay, okay, alright, yeah.

Sophia Umanski: Yeah, we would stay off-site, although he's building… he just put in his WhatsApp group, it's pretty amazing, he's create… he just bought additional 8 acres behind the land, and he's building the geodomes, like the… and so it's gonna be, like, this, like, dome village for, like, entrepreneur… for our people or whatever, and then he's gonna be renting out, you can rent a dome for $1,900 a month. And then get access to, like, they have all the wellness and stuff in there, and blah blah blah blah blah. It's pretty interesting what he's… I don't know if he's eventually going to be selling those, but I think right now he's offering that you can rent a dome for $1,900 a month.

James Guldan: Yeah.

Sophia Umanski: They're like these beautiful, like, bumblebee-like things.

Yanik Silver: I gotta wrap up here in about 10 minutes or so.

Sophia Umanski: Yeah, I gotta, gotta go, gotta go, gotta go, gotta go right now.

Yanik Silver: So, okay, so lots to think on.

James Guldan: So, Yannick, you'll send me over. Most important thing is getting the stuff ready for… .

Yanik Silver: For us to… to share… Yeah.

James Guldan: Yeah. So, okay, so send me over what you have, I'll finish up my side of it, then I'll send it over to you to finalize it. we'll figure out if we need to dial anything in from there. Do we feel good on that?

Yanik Silver: Yep.

James Guldan: Okay, dream team, baby, you know? And then, for the… we get to figure out Sophia, I guess you get to sit in the energy of, is it worth it, or what is it? What is it located?

Sophia Umanski: What am I sitting and figuring out?

James Guldan: the… the event. Is it worth it to do that? Like, what… what… what decision-making, What decision-making do we need to finalize a… U.S. event. Like, an Austin event.

Sophia Umanski: Okay, I think it'll just be me looking at the P&L, and looking at, like, the pricing that the venue sent over, and just then get with Yannick on it from that standpoint, see how many people we would need.

James Guldan: Okay.

Sophia Umanski: You get to X amount, you know, and then…

James Guldan: Obviously, there's a value in selling a… states…

Sophia Umanski: Yeah, exactly, like, keeping in mind that the decision needs to take into consideration, like, having the offering as a fulfillment and as, like, a thing to get people in for new members, versus, like, just… how much we're going to make on it, profit-wise, because I don't imagine that's going to be a lot, based on the fact that it's in Austin. Now, if we can get some sponsors, that would be, you know…

James Guldan: sponsorships and upsells, right? So…

Yanik Silver: Sweet.

James Guldan: Yep.

Yanik Silver: But also new… new members coming in.

James Guldan: Right. Not in Austin, so…

Yanik Silver: If you don't live in Austin, they should be paying.

Sophia Umanski: Yeah, totally.

Yanik Silver: member price to be there, and that's an exciting thing for them.

Sophia Umanski: Totally. That's why I'm saying I think that we need to go to the… we would consider either step one, out the door, there's an option for day one only versus the whole thing, or fuck that, and we just do… step one is it's all or nothing, and then if we see we still need numbers for day one, then we add that option of…

Yanik Silver: Yeah, I wouldn't… I'm almost like… I'm more of like, hey, we have 10 spots available for a day one person, and we selectively give them out, or whatever.

Sophia Umanski: Yeah, okay, yeah.

James Guldan: That's a great idea, yeah, yeah.

Yanik Silver: Like, they don't have to know about it ahead of time, like, on the website or whatever. Duh.

Sophia Umanski: Didn't do it. Yeah, I, I…

James Guldan: It was so wild to be on a call where I got to see Yannick's son go down. Like, literally, it's getting dark there, that's wild. Yeah, yeah.

Sophia Umanski: Mine's not!

Yanik Silver: Yeah, mine isn't either. Mine's midday. Yeah, yeah.

James Guldan: Oh, shit, that looks beautiful.

Sophia Umanski: Eastern time, though.

James Guldan: Yeah.

Sophia Umanski: It's getting a little colder, though, again, but…

James Guldan: Okay, so cool, and then we meet next week, so let me know any questions in the meantime, and Yannick, you'll send me over what you need, I'll send it back, and yeah.

Sophia Umanski: James, what do you think would be, like, an efficient way of… like, all the things we're talking about that, like, need to actually be built and, like, start happening, and that we were talking about earlier, that you were like, oh, this is, like, the easy stuff, like, what's the best way to actually get those things, like, moving and happening? Is it including… having someone from our team, like, join part of that call, or, like, them talking.

James Guldan: No, it's… I mean, I… I think…

Sophia Umanski: It's like, you know, and you hold all this wisdom and information.

James Guldan: You know, let's get Chris on one of these calls, or me on a call with Chris, or whatever it's gonna be, to… to just be like, hey, man, because I don't want to create the plan for him, I'd like to co-create it, so I don't own it. But obviously, it's like. I'm gonna say… Easy to do, but it's, like, fun and easy and, like, a bunch of cool shit. It's just figuring out what he's comfortable with and what his ideas are for it, and then augmenting that, because it… it's not… difficult, it's just making sure it gets done. So let's just… whatever you gotta do to get, like… why don't you ask him and go, hey, you wanna get a call with James? If he does, I'm in. If he doesn't.

Sophia Umanski: No, he will. Yeah, yeah, no, he will, and Shay, too, because she's… they are the ones who, like, kind of set up stuff, you know? But I think, like, just getting… integrating…

James Guldan: Yeah.

Sophia Umanski: For the conversation to, like, get some of these things going on the back end, getting your insight and your input and your direction on, like, how to do shit, and getting that energy in will be really helpful.

James Guldan: Put me in, coach, put me in, right? I think it's… I think it's just… yeah, and again, you guys know this isn't time for me. Like, I'm having a lot of fun. This is… I get to literally play in your business and have very little side effects to it. Like, it is a very interesting process to be in.

Sophia Umanski: Yeah. Yeah, so that would be awesome to help sort of make things happen, you know? Okay, all right, great. Well, we'll…

James Guldan: 100% in for that.

Sophia Umanski: Well, because obviously Chris.

Yanik Silver: So, I gotta… I gotta move next week's call, so I think it's on Wednesday. I'm gonna be, I think… I'll be in Dominican that day. I cannot meet you two.

James Guldan: Okay, so can we do Thursday?

Sophia Umanski: James, I have a question. Would you maybe be able to do later on Wednesday and join the team? And maybe that's the opportunity we take? Because I don't think Yannick needs to really be… right, Yannick?

Yanik Silver: Yeah. I don't think counting needs to be.

James Guldan: Sure, yeah, yeah, yeah. What time is it at?

Sophia Umanski: 3 o'clock Eastern? Does that work?

James Guldan: Yeah, just add me to the calendar.

Sophia Umanski: Okay, that would be great, and that way we can just work on some things without Yannick. Cool.

James Guldan: Yeah, like, you don't get involved, you know? I hope you feel left out and there's a ton of FOMO. We'll talk about it frequently, we'll have inside jokes you don't know about.

Sophia Umanski: I feel good about it. I feel at peace, I feel at peace. We'll have a secret virtual handshake down the.

James Guldan: Well, first thing I'm doing is I'm gonna create that Maverick Bat signal. I think that's a really cool, idea. I'll be sending that over, so expect that.

Sophia Umanski: Yeah.

Yanik Silver: Let's make Maverick fun again.

Sophia Umanski: Cool. Yay! Let's Maverick Maverick again, yay!

James Guldan: Hi, yo.

Yanik Silver: Bye, James. Bye, Sophia, thank you.

Sophia Umanski: Thanks. Bye.